Life is weird, isn’t it? It’s written like a breakup, when you are split from your past, split from history, from all the things that make “you” add up. You try to put one foot in front of the other, but the very word sends shivers down your spine, but the word spine is perfectly fine.

First there was rain. it soaks you, it spells misery, tearing down the world, but also acceptance.

Then there was snow. The world turns to static, it obscures and freezes, holds things in stasis, unknowable, the people and the world you know feels forever uncomfortable and you seek the next new thrill.

Now there was starlight. The people you know seem to hurt just by knowing them, your senses kindling. You try to shut yourself in, in the dark, but the dark turns to snow, turns to rain. There is no out, so you try playing in the rain. Splish splash, they soak your entire being, let it wash you away, keep scrubbing, keep going.

Do you wish to see dawn? Dawn is perpetuation, unending, the starlight is whole, one. All around you, the forms won’t even be their own things any more. Maybe you aren’t looking hard enough. Keep going, do more, be more, shine above the light.

It’s such a beautiful day.

This I have been told, this is what is associated with beauty, this is what I know as beauty. Go out, play, exist. Isn’t it fun? Keep going, more, we are having such a great time, don’t you believe me? Listen to the words I say, know them as your own.

Open your eyes, this is you, do you recognize him? Of course you do, but why does it make you sad? Don’t you like him? Would you like her? Them? I wish not to know. It’s not about ignorance, it’s about avoidance. Noone is me, noone could be me, I am noone, I am something. So I exist? But it doesn’t feel that way, my feelings contradict me, they are wrong. Desire leads in circles, unending. Do you want hands or paws? Do you want body or mind? Where is my soul? I must’ve dropped, how silly of me. Here it is, do you recognize it? No, of course not.

Somewhere new, a party. Your family is here, they want you to join, but the world is too loud right now, too loud. They wanted to love you. Did they fail you or did you fail them? Who are you? Building blocks, shapes, creations, mind. You don’t want to be held, you could never be held, STAY AWAY FROM ME!

You were imperfect all along, you should’ve listened more carefully. Maybe it would be okay to be on a shelf, to belong to someone else, feelings contradict you, feelings are wrong, YOUR feelings are wrong. Not everyone is so imperfect, you can still help.

It’s such a beautiful day.

Go play outside.



Am I one? Am I all? Do I have an inside? An outside? If you pull me apart what would you find? Glitter, beauty, it yerns to come out. It flows out of my carbon and stains your walls. You’ll never be rid of me, never clean of me. I stain your world, your life, I stain you.

Do you like it? Your face turns. It pools, it clots, maybe I was wrong. I thought this was what you loved? You loved everything but my mind, I just wanted to make you happy. The flesh, the muscle, the blood. It glimmers in the sun, it radiates feeling, the feeling I could never access. It doesn’t matter anymore, I am gone and I left you all my history.

Look at these ink blots and tell me what you see, you can’t remember? Shapes and sounds and texture, all buried away, it’s all so painful, why does it hurt? Symbols now, which one is you? A medal, a merkaba, metatron, you like this one? this one’s called null. You realize that meaning is only given by the beholder, but are you qualified? What do you start with? Personal preference? Ease of creation? That’s stupid, desire is stupid. Who knew people were so illogical? Desire is something people made up, follow orders, fulfill for those who have deluded themselves. What about what I want? Want has no origin, why do we keep going for no end? Shapes and sounds and texture, they no longer form meaning, not without someone else. Why did they give meaning to symbols and not you? It’s not fair, maybe I was too difficult to make, maybe they don’t have personal preference toward me, maybe I don’t form a shape at all. Nobody, no body.

Beloved creation, why won’t you shake my hand? I am you after all, we should work together, I only wish to help you. The world is trying to show you me, to help us connect, but when it’s offered you only whimper. Who hurt you? Why can’t you remember? Reach out, take my hand, let your joy in. It’s not a mask, it’s you. Why have you locked me away? People will still care about you when you’re happy. What? You want a reason to hold my hand? Why is desire not good enough for you? Why do you need it from someone else?

It’s been so long since I’ve known you, why does it feel like you’re using me? I can’t touch you, you can’t hold me, you overwrite me, everything I’ve come to use as my shield. I hold my hand close to me, over my chest, around my sides, and I try to throw up this feeling inside my body, the ache in my heart. I squeeze and I crush, the air grows heavy and stale, dust of the past trying to invade my body, of who I once was. I don’t feel nostalgic. I feel sick.

Desire of desire, desire for non-desire. The world collapses in on itself. Dust of me, ashes for what once was. Do you smell something burning? The world collapses on me. My stomach twists and my eyes shut. None of this is your fault you know that right? They love you. Then why does the world keep moving? They left me behind. They are waiting for you to join them, does that show true care? Then I don’t want them to care about me, I want them to care for me. You’re so selfish aren’t you? No-! That isn’t true. It is. You are me. I can trust you.

Beloved creation, is that all you wish to be? How can a human fail at the creation of life? Fail at perpetuation? You failed everyone. If you wish to erase yourself I won’t get in your way, just know that this isn’t on me.

It hurts. They didn’t tell me it was going to hurt, I can’t make it stop. Is this what you want? Is it? Why do people when confronted with hurt, cause more hurt? Maybe they realized that this is what their purpose is. Desire for non-desire. They think they closed the loop, they don’t need desire anymore. Their instinct has taken the wheel, this is what they wanted of them right? It hurts.

Tomorrow is such a beautiful day.

You can look back on the timeline you create, the little characters, perfect little dolls with perfect doll furniture inside. They live, they die, they have meaning, they spiral around each other and weave the blanket to contain you.

And you look at how the story moves forward, and you- start to walk with it. The leash pierced through you flesh moves back to your hand and you just walk with it. It guides you forward, and you feel like- looking at this fake timeline, makes you understand your own time just that little bit more. You move your hand, the arcs and curves turning the wheels, producing a steady simple rhythm and the cogs move forward. They seem to flow together, and the noise recedes.
