Made by Catruption

Special thanks to my friend Hope

Credits to song lyrics:
Far Caspian: Pool
Garn47: Our eyes
Yungtown: Animal Crossing Song (Yes that’s what it’s called)

Inspired by warrior cats but the lore is very different, please see attached lore document for more info about the characters and world or contact me if I forgot to attach it.

(Prologue)

Run, run, run. A small white molly-kit was racing through the cold, each step sank straight into the soft snow with only her face raised high. The harsh blizzard stung her eyes and ruffled her ears, her fur drenched and turning to ice. She hopped as high as she could with each bound to get above the snow, to turn her eyes forward, but only sank back down and the snow cause her to look up again at the blinding white as she tried to turn toward air. There was a lake in the distance, she thought. She had seen it before she started running, but it was gradually obscured by the cold winds. The trees sprawled around her like the boney claws of an predator, they tore at her fur as she kept trying to weave through the forest and move toward shelter, was she even going the right way anymore? She crashed into a large fallen tree blocking her path, she turned around it but then found another, and another, even the unusual landmarks became usual and the world turned around her. Her paws took her in circles. Left, right, maybe over her? She tried to her mind straight, trying to stay on track. She had to be close by now. She tried to cry for someone, anyone, to find her. But the her voice was drowned out by just the sound of the branches swaying overhead, the world indifferent to her needs. She tried to run faster, outrun her own fear and the winds that followed her every move, she slipped. Her paws flew over another, try to find a grip on the ground as she tumbled across a slope and fell down onto a think patch of snow that softly buried her.

She raised her head. Snow cascaded from her fur. There. A dark space under a tree's roots. Small. Low. Like it had been waiting for her. She crouched and looked inside, trying to see past the dark and blinding snow. The roots bored into the ground like teeth before the ground fell down into a creases like a mouth ready to devour her. She reached both paws through the twisted roots and over the overpass, pushing her head through as-well before pushing on the steep ramp below her and trying to pull herself through. As her tail entered in as-well the small kit skid across the ramp, trying not to topple over before collapsing onto the hard earth with a pained gasp. Panting and exhausted, she laid there in a ball, trying to stay warm from the harsh winds. The tree seemed to shield the floor from the snow, but also the water and sun from the grass, leaving the ground hard and the grass dead and prickly.

First there was rain. It came so fast in the night, she barely knew what happened as her mothers voice fell into the wind.

Then there was snow. Blinding and chilling, it obscured her path forward, took away what she wanted most.

Now there was starlight-

It was night, she had laid there for hours. Her fur madded and her bones aching. She scrabbled against the cold earth, chipping off flakes like dust that rolled down the slope and fell next to her shrunken belly. Rest had let to a different problem, and the air still struggled to reach her lungs, unable to call for help. The cold seemed to pierce her again as she woke, she began to tremble and shiver. She curled up tighter, trying to stay warm, taking deeper breaths. ‘Momma…’ She forced out with her jaws chattering. ‘Momma!’ She mewed louder this time, but there was no response but the frightened calls of birds. Birds-! She was starving, but- she hadn’t been taught how to hunt yet. She was only a few moons old. Sinking her claws deep into the soil, she climbed up and poked her head through the roots, the small broken branches scraping the sides of her face. The snowfall was gone now, and she could see some birds on the- forest floor? There was one bright yellow bird, their beak covered in snow, digging small holes in the ground. This was her chance! But- what was the bird doing? And why hadn’t it flown away when it heard her? The bird frantically dug holes, until a small chirp could be heard from beneath the fresh snow. The blond bird reached her beak in and- pulled out a small chick from beneath the fluffy snow, it looked frozen, and blue… The bird tried to pull the chick close, to keep her warm, but- why? The chick was pushed beneath the large wings, huddled in the feathers, but it didn’t stir. The bird tweeted once, and grew quiet.

Just as she was desperate for her mother, they were desperate for their young, they all loved the same.

The kit slowly moved through the snow, approaching the small bird. She was so hungry, and the bird was just sitting her. She got close and- hesitated… The bird simply looked at her, and flew away. Maybe they weren’t so similar after all? Or maybe the fear of life or death is that strong, should she do the same? She looked at the small frozen scrap on the ground. It wasn’t breathing, it wasn’t running, It wouldn’t be a warm meal but it was still a meal. She hesitated again, would it even be that filling? She felt sick. She looked back at the spot the large bird flew away, there was a large blond feather on the ground. She marched through the snow towards it, careful not to slip, and just- stared at it. Large, elegant folds, care, comfort. She looked up, the bird was long gone, all that was in front of her was the looming empty trees of the forest. She picked up the feather, twirling it in her claws. It stood tall, in contrast to the snow and dead trees. She moved it closer to her, now It was taller than every tree in the forest and brighter than all others. She tucked the feather behind her ear, pressing it into her fur.

And- like it was waiting for that moment, her fur began to glow like the sun of a new dawn. Sharp streaks of light covered the snow and reflect off the dunes, shining through the trees. The light reached into the sky, and the kit could once again see the lake in the distance from her bright warm pelt through the once cold black night. The light fell back and twinkled out, shimmering down like sparks of fire.

She could feel someone watching her from the distance.

At once, the wind seemed to pick up, chilling the small kit to the bones. She squinted her eyes, trying desperately to see the freshly raging storm, fearing that she awakened something dangerous. Large footsteps crashed through the snow, lifting it into the blizzard. The kit could only get a small hint of the scent- familiar, but unrecognizable. They steadily got closer, closer, moving carefully through the trees and the shape coming into view. It was a cat, but who? Were they from the distance lake? Did they hear her from before? No, that was too long ago… It was becoming blue hour, light drifting behind and past the kit before striking the eyes of the newcomer, piercing blue eyes filled shining with twilight and a bright white coat—just like her. Rays of blue—shining through the trees, painting crisscrossing roots upon the floor like the cat was a shepherd to the Mono.

Paws steadily pressed into the cold earth, each step purposeful as the cat searched through the storm--like they were racing toward a goal of their very own. Legs galloped in a rhythm, causing the deep blue of dawn to tremble across the sky and snow. The shadow the newcomer cast was far and long, seeming to tower over the small kit. The kit wanted to run away, but she was frozen both in fear and temperature, besides… something about the cat felt so familiar to the young one. “Light?! Where are you!” The cat cried out just like the kit called out for someone else not so long ago… And then she knew, her small paws carried her through the snow with each bound mewing in excitement, it was her mom!

“Light! You’re safe… I was so worried.” Her mother sighed in relief, crouching down to meet her kit as the tiny cat wobbled through the snow. Light threw herself forward, rubbing her muzzle over her mother's face and burying herself into the warmth of her mothers soft fur trying to reach a feeling unmistakable, purring all the way. ‘Momma… you’re really here!’ The tiny kit mewed happily, tears streaming down her face in relief as she breathed in the familiar scent.

There was something she wanted to say, but the moment left her with even less breath—and the memory felt painful. ‘Hh- h-h-how…’ She tried to mumble, not daring leave the sweet embrace—but her mother noticed. She pulled away- “What’s wrong-? -Are you hurt??” Her mother let out with a small break in her voice. ‘N-no..?’ The kit mumbled, wiping the tears out of her eyes with her dainty paws. She tried to maintain eye contact and a clear voice like she was told very young. ‘How- how are you here..?’ The kit mewed, the warmth of the moment turn to ash.

The mother didn’t seem to register the question, seemingly more concerned the kit was still hurt. “It’s okay, it’s going to be okay.” She mewed in a calming but frantic voice, trying to move closer to her kit—while the kit kept trying to make distance. ‘Momma-! What’s going on-!?’ The small kit cried out.

‘Give her space.’ -A new voice cut through the harsh winds. ‘She’s had a rough time~’

“Who’s there-?” The mother replied briskly, shielding her daughter from the new shadow approaching. “I know my daughter-” The mother tried to object, but the words confirmed the newcomer. A beautiful blond molly emerged, her face once obscured from the brambles. A beautiful golden feather in across her ear. “Li- Li-” The mother stammered as the new face drew closer, gliding across the snow like she wasn’t even there. ‘I was looking for you, I should’ve guessed would come here.’ The molly spoke, coming face to face with the other, brushing the fur from her mothers eyes. The mother looked back at her kit, who was now sleeping again from exhaustion. Careful not to wake them, the mother spoke in a small voice. “Light..?” Light's ears twitched. “You look so different.” Light started slow, ‘It has been a while, hasn’t it silver~?’ She sighed. “How long?” Light hesitated on the response. ‘...Come, walk with me.’

The two large mollies strode together in unison, with the small kit trailing up front, dashing through the show- apparently having forgotten all the previous troubles. The trees loomed large overhead and the moon was still visible overhead, the sky above gradually brightening. Light hadn’t been in this forest since- well, she was a kit, and it was just as beautiful as she remembered. She turned to her mother who’s eyes were dead ahead, staring at her daughter playing in the fluffy snow as the sun came out to warm her pelt. Her eyes flicked over to her... larger- daughter, and back to the bundle of fur bundled smaller than a rabbit. “Sigh… I feel like- I have never seen this before.” Silver started, her eyes once again fixed ahead. “Like I’ve never seen you play before. There’s something you aren’t telling me.”

Light feared this question, and that she would respond too dryly. It was something she answered a lot. The mother continued before Light had found the words. “Who’s real here? You, or me?” ‘Aren’t we both real~?’ Light tried to mew in a chipper tone, trying not to seem too cold. Her mother simply shook her head in response. “You know that isn’t what I meant.” Light would have to spit it out. ‘You’re a memory, it’s been 10 years, you don’t remember things past this memory.” The mothers eyes widened in response, but to her credit she didn’t seem overly spooked by the whole thing. “I’m glad everything is alright.” She mewed back, her head hanging in relief.

The two kept walking, exchanging occasional small talk. ‘What do you remember about granite?’ Light mewed with a small edge as her paw striked some ice water. Her mother giggled at the sight, also aiming to steer clear of the soft patch in the snow before starting “He was a wonderful tom. He was smart, brave, caring, everything you could want.” ‘I don’t remember a lot of him.’ “Neither do I, his twolegs brought him with him when they moved, I never saw him again.” Light felt crushed at the thought. ‘That’s so sad, I don’t know how I would be able to do what you did after all that.’ “I did what?” ‘Never-mind…’ Silver looked at light strangely, but she knew how her daughter was, so stubborn sometimes… So she answer the other question. “Don’t you know in your heart what is right... Even when it hurts? That isn’t just for doing the right thing, it’s about feeling the right thing. Enjoying those moments, fighting to keep them till the end, and making sure they still matter to you now.” Light thought about that, and felt overly guilty she had let it get this bad. ‘Silver..?’ Light mewed, slowly turning to her mother. “Yes?” ‘I’m sorry, I haven’t been doing enough to keep your memory alive. It feels like everything is moving too quickly now, that the little things don’t seem to matter.’ “Whatever do you mean?” Silver turned to her in confusion, but before light could respond she realized it was time. She stepped in front of silver, silver turned forward again and saw an expansive area stretching forward in front of them, with a lake and an island in the middle. The kit squeaked in excitement ‘that’s it! That’s the place! Come on, let’s go!’

The kit sprinted off, and silver was about to follow before light once again stepped in front of her. Silver could only wordlessly stare expecting at light while the kit dashed off. The kit stopped only a few lengths in front of them, turning back to see if they were following. Light simply nodded in reply, and the kit seemed to understand. Her small legs carried her further and further as they met new dry ground, picking up the pace and breaking through the trees. She shut her eyes and she approached the rising sun, and trying not to lose her newly gained feather from the feeling of the wind in her fur and rushing into her ears. The two large cats could only stare wordlessly as the sun cast the small kits shadow over the trees and over them, slowly moving over the horizon. And then- she was gone.

Light quietly spoke to silver: ‘I’m sorry, I don’t have any other memories of you.’ They stared back at the rising sun. ‘I was never supposed to see you here.’ Before Silver could continue, Light did. ‘You saved me from a badger, you helped me escape into the woods, but you died. I feel like I wasn’t grateful enough. I-’ Silver cut her off. “If I saved you, it’s because I wanted to, you know that right?” ‘But I forgot.’ “You were a kit.” ‘I should've remembered.’ Silver smiled. “Light, you did remember.”
She touched her nose to her daughter's. “You remembered enough to come back.” Light pulled away, her tail dragging on the ground. ‘I didn’t… I just- came back to ask your something…’ Silver tilted her head and leaned in close.

 “...What did you want to ask?”

Light turned her head towards the horizon. ‘I wanted to ask if- letting go, is the right answer. Even when you fear they still need you, what if they won’t make it alone?’ “Do you think I let you go?” ‘No, but you couldn’t go with me, as much as both of us wanted. You died, I left you behind, I let you go, and you had to as-well…’

“You still want me in your life… Don’t you?”

‘-Of course I do-! But I’m grown, I’m old, i- have to focus on the living-’ “But you aren’t focusing on them right now are you-” ‘-It’s selfish-!’ “It is NOT selfish!” Silver snapped, Light froze. She waited for her mother to take it back like the soft gentle hearted molly she remembered, but she didn’t. “Light, I may not know much about what you have to do right now, but your dedication to that feeling causes just as much harm, what about the people who love you?” ‘I’m helping them of course-!’ “But do they feel you?” ‘Wha- what are you saying?’ “Don’t you want to be a mother?” Light stepped back. “You should go for it. If you truly believe that all I’ve done for you is just- obligation, then you’ll have no issue being one~” Light purred in reply at her mothers calming words. ‘You know it’s not like that-’ “Of course not, but your desire to be selfless is causing harm instead of reducing it, to others. Love isn't only keeping someone from hurting. It's letting them know they don't have to hurt alone.”

Silvers words left Light cold, she knew. She was so wise, how did she miss that? Why didn’t she miss that..?

‘I- had to talk to you before you forgot me… since I was so young when you died.’ She mewed with deep regret in her voice. “Oh… I see…” The mother replied. “How many times- have we talked after I died that I forgot about?” ‘Too many…’ ‘Listen, I need some advice.’ She mewed briskly while trotting forward. “Of course-! What do you need?” ‘How do I care for someone, who seems to have lost their way?’ The mother stared awestruck for a moment. “you have kits?!” ‘No, I don’t.’ ‘I’m a bit of a foster mother right now, listen- I just need to know what I can do for her!’ “Heh, I know what I would do for you. I would hold you close, tell you that it would all be okay, I would protect you with my life.” ‘Isn’t that a bit dishonest?’ “Maybe, but comforting is important, especially for young kits, you need to be on their side at all costs, to understand them. Don’t be afraid to be the kit to them, to be vulnerable to them. You have to let them into your mind just as they have to let you into theirs, ask for the password, you know?”

‘I knew it was the right choice to see you, even as I miss you.’ “You can’t stay?” ‘You-’ Light mewed, but then couldn’t put words to the rest. You aren’t real, is what she wanted to say. ‘You’re a memory, I have a whole clan now-’ “A whole clan?!” The mother jumped to her paws and rubbed her pelt around her grown kit. “I’m so proud of you! I knew you would find your place eventually! It’s so nice to know you got out of here safely!” Light tried to push the large cat away. ‘I know mom.’ She mewed flatly. ‘We do this every time.’ She thought. ‘But she’s so happy... she’s the real deal, right?’ It was hard not to feel unhappy, she met her mother so many times, trying to be with her but her mother constantly forgot about things they did and eventually the pain became too much. She had to admit she was gone, and focus on those who were still alive and needed her.

‘Please, mom, focus.’ She mewed briskly. Her mother shrank away. “I’m sorry…” Her face was so sad and disappointed. “I know- you are a grown cat now-” ‘Please, it’s not like that, I just don’t have much time’ This wasn’t technically a lie, but it also wasn’t the whole story. “Well I already told you a lot, I believe you have the ability to find the right path yourself. You have to believe in yourself, your inner mother.” “From what I hear, I can’t tell you all you need to know in one night.” ‘I know, people have told me that.’ ‘Maybe I can just- bring her here!’

Light turned her tail and moved away for a few moments before stopping in in the middle of the forest, the trees shaking overhead and the cold snow against her paws. ‘Star-clan, hear my voice and listen! I call upon a spirit for wisdom, I wish to speak to Rose-step!’ She practically yowled across the trees, but the air didn’t grow still and she paused for a few moments, worried. ‘Rose-step?’ Something was wrong, how could she not answer? ‘Rose-step?!’ She began to panic. “Is everything okay?” ‘No! How can she not hear me? On the night of a full moon no less? Dead or alive she has to have heard my call and has to answer it! This is how it works!’ Had Star-clan refused her? Had she been blocked from her dream?

‘Could she have forgotten her name?’



