"first we have two lines, one is bigger than the other, can you tell which one? this is called perspective: being able to see the difference in something in relation to something else and in this case bigger object can also been seen as closer to us. Now lets connect two lines from the bigger to the smaller and you can see the lines converge, if we extend the lines we can see where the lines end up which is called the vanishing point. The point where all these converging lines meet, but lets keep them just connecting for now.

With this square, lets make the smaller line bigger, see how the converging lines move? the edge that is bigger is seen as closer to us cause the distance from the viewer makes things seem smaller, and as the lines overlap we can see that it looks just line a single line since the piece of paper is 2d and the other side we can't see is being blocked by the side we can see and is bigger than the other due to it being closer to us.

Look at this trapezoid, you can see the converging lines can't you? Then why does it look off? because the lines don't converge at the vanishing point, the other objects in the scene do. You can sometimes have a low field of view which can result in a low vanishing point, but try to internalize the vanishing point you have from taking a picture in your house, most if not all people have the same fov so make sure to remember it, but don't be a stranger to playing with perspective!"

Here's another assumption: "why do people draw vanishing points as a point or a line and not anywhere?"

'This is only if all objects are all on a flat grid and facing the same direction, all their lines go forward and so will all converge, but think about the side lines? the also go do a vanishing point and that can also be shown, the most things that are not aligned the more vanishing points you need to make eventually resulting in a line. Why a line? because things on a flat plane, facing forward, and disappear over the horizon. You can easily draw a lot of satellite dishes by making a vanishing point up in the sky and then drawing a cube with it on the ground, but those are much harder to keep track of and are very uncommon."
