Fluttering bird: starvation
Bright stream: Eagle, takes her kits with it (usually 2 kits sometimes 3)
Shaded moss: hit by car
Storm: killed in collapsing nest, taking her 2 kits with it.
Fox: dies by accident in a fight with greywing

Moonshadow: dies from internal bleeding after burned (i think)
Misty: dies from clear sky
Bumble: dies from clear sky (probably)

Turtletail: Dies from sleeping under a monster or something??? (mouse brain.)
Emberkit: Dies from- uh, uhhh.. wait- uhh...
Leaf, frost, falling feather, jackdal's cry, hawkswoop, furcone, rainswept flower: died in battle 1

Tom: Died from OneEye
OneEye: died in battle 2
Petal: died from sickness almost entirely off screen. (kinda contrived way to stir up more drama after we just had a massive fight if you ask me. She appeared sick and died in the very same scene when holly and the other one survived. I mean come on why didn't some cats go to grab the blazing star when they realized oneeye brought his whole group to the battle?  who the fuck would still be patroling that area you cats are so fucking stupid or better yet sneak off into the night to get there when they otherwise did it during the day, yall give up so easily.)


S+: Tree, Greystripe, Jayfeather, Hollyleaf, (Speaks their mind, it usually causes problems in the story so the pervious tier might be better depending on your opinion.)
S: Leafstar, Shatteredice, Firestar, Bramblestar, Nightheart, (Honest but is still choosey about who they tell and when and won't if it's rude to do so.)
A: Alderheart, Dovewing, Brightheart, Greywing, (Little shy but speaks up when it counts)
B: Ivypool, Twigbranch, (Keeps some personal secrets they feel won't hurt anyone, but will open up to close ones.)
C: Violetshine, Mothwing, (More dangerous secrets are hidden)
D: Briarlight, Purdy, (Died because of their secrets)
E: Crowfeather, Leafpool, Tigerheart, Clearsky, (Almost doomed everyone due to secrets) (The lovers share a tier, how fitting.)
F: Tigerclaw, (Lies through their teeth)
Shrodingers tier: Scourge, Squirrelflight (Would fight a battle single handily just to protect those hurt by their secrets or switched up their honesty later in the series)

